feat: auto disalarm (#122)
ahrtr/etcd-defrag: README.md

$ ./etcd-defrag --endpoints http://127.0.0.1:22379 --cluster --defrag-rule="dbSize > dbQuota*80/100 && dbSize - dbSizeInUse > 200*1024*1024"
```

## Auto-disalarm Feature

> The auto-disalarm feature automatically removes NOSPACE alarms after successful defragmentation when certain conditions are met. This helps maintain cluster health by clearing alarms that are no longer relevant after freeing up space through defragmentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The auto-disalarm feature automatically removes NOSPACE alarms if any after successful defragmentation when certain conditions are met. This helps maintain cluster health by clearing alarms that are no longer relevant after freeing up space through defragmentation.
```

### How it works

When `--auto-disalarm` is enabled, etcd-defrag will:

1. Check if there are any NOSPACE alarms in the cluster after defragmentation
2. Verify that all cluster members' database size is below the specified threshold
3. Automatically disalarm NOSPACE alarms if both conditions are met

### Configuration

- `--auto-disalarm`: whether automatically disalarm NOSPACE alarms after successful defragmentation（default false）
- `--disalarm-threshold`: Threshold ratio for automatic alarm clearing (db size / quota). Valid range: 0 < x < 1 (default: 0.9)

### Example Usage

```bash
# Enable auto-disalarm with default threshold (0.9)
$ ./etcd-defrag --endpoints=https://127.0.0.1:2379 --cluster --auto-disalarm

# Enable auto-disalarm with custom threshold (0.7)
$ ./etcd-defrag --endpoints=https://127.0.0.1:2379 --cluster --auto-disalarm --disalarm-threshold=0.7
```

### Safety Considerations

> - Auto-disalarm only triggers when **all** cluster members are below the threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Auto-disalarm only triggers when **all** cluster members's DB sizes are below the threshold.
```
